# Potential-Cadaver-organ-causing-event-tracking-and-waiting-list-management-on-Blockchain
For Devpost Hackathon "Next Top Blockchain Startup"

A smart contract which uses Substrate Framework and built using the inkI language. It was intended to simulate a Cadaver Kidney waiting list of patients on blockchain. However, because of want of time, this smart contract can insert record for one patient only. There too strings are not used as to implement string handling was taking time. For the same reasons, Vectors to implement record of many patient details could not be completed. However, this Smart contract runs for entering and recording one patient's details. There is a getter function for an 'alert status' field for patient which can take up bool values. There is also a set and reset function for this field. In the full prototype, the alert to patient would mean an sms would be sent at his phone number and e-mail at his e-mail address. This would happen when the waiting list blockchain received a message from another parachain which would be built over substrate framework which would track events which can potentially lead to a cadaver organ availability. When this chain is update for an organ availability, message is passed to waiting list of that organ and alert is sent to all patients in that waiting list. The alert would be sent via external APIs for sending email and sms which can be called via Chainlink. The code was tested on Canvas Node provided by Substrate to developers. Instructions for setting up and testing were followed from: https://substrate.dev/substrate-contracts-workshop/#/0/creating-an-ink-project
